oh and here we go look at the sotong
we just found the ultimate ikan bakar hi
boss how are you
wow all right check it out guys it's
trevor james
we're in kuala lumpur malaysia true
street food city i'm
hungry and excited because today we're
bringing you for tons of street food
it's gonna be a lot of fun guys let's go
check it out
get ready for four life-changingly good
street foods in kuala lumpur
malaysia home to some of the most
diverse and delicious street food in the
world
because today we're bringing you in for
a full-on
mouth-watering street food tour that's
gonna make you
hungry let's eat okay guys and you're
gonna want to watch this whole video all
the way until the end because
we got tons of food we're bringing you
for in this video malaysia has
incredible food and kuala lumpur
is just amazing let's go check it out
guys there's lots of food to eat
awesome guys we are driving through the
village
kampung we are deep on the outskirts of
kuala lumpur
and right up here we're driving to try a
special local
fish cake deep fried fish cake and it's
just right in here
let's try it out and here we are guys
we're at rahra
kerofot liquor and we're going to see
how it's made
and look at this salamataki
wow like
look at this this is the keropok
so this is ikan
wow so this is a sardine paste
and it's made into these strips and then
you can get it two ways either fried or
boiled
and you can see it's coming right out of
here and then it just gets chopped
boom and i think this is where it all
starts after the fish face is made
take a look at this this is the fish
paste here the ikan selayang fish paste
and it's put into a ball
and then put into this press look at
that and then it turns into these round
strips wow nice oh and there they go in
look at that
that's the boiled version and there they
are fully complete that's the fish
sausage
the boiled version it smells delicious
and after a quick
chat with rahra the owner she explained
the three types of liqueur
boiled fried and cheese but the most
unique was getting to see the making of
satar the spiced
fish sausage wrapped in a banana leaf
and barbecued and robert was just
explaining over here is the sata right
let's go take a look oh the sata so this
is wrapped in a banana leaf
wow that's amazing this is to make the
paste oh
and chili going in wow
that's the pure chili paste oh look at
that
whoa it's incredible it's so spicy
smelling
that looks potent and this is pure ikkan
and chili and onion wow and look at it
getting mixed up there
oh yeah look at that that's a little
flavor seasoning
wow thank you raga for letting us see
this looks amazing
ten tastes oh tara mcafee oh and then
sugar
gula
this is amazing and this is terengganu
specialty
from taranganu and that's north east
malaysia wow sugar salt chili
onion there's that fish paste it's all
in there
[Laughter]
oh kalapa look at this coconut wow
that is unbelievable it's going to be a
sweet coconut spicy fish paste
and then it's wrapped in a banana leaf
and grilled over the flame
and there it is abis look at that guys
that's the finished
spicy kernel pop paste and i'm really
excited to try that i've never tried
this dish before and we're so lucky to
get into this kitchen
today to see how it's made tara makassi
oh and what's this
iniapa
that's honey teeth wow
look at that look how frothy it is and
there it is look at that look how frothy
it is
wow oh there it is
wow okay and here we go we're gonna get
a plate
oh and it's covered in a sauce oh it's
like a mayo
oh and another sauce so it's a mayo
cheese fried carrot pork liquor
let's try it out
wow to me that's like an upgraded fish
ball because it's made with the
malaysian
sardines from terengganu and then that
sweet spicy chili
the cheese and the mayo gives it a nice
sweet
savory goodness let's go in for some of
these satar look at that
oh that's the one made with chili onion
spices
and it's grilled look at that it's got
that charcoal crispy goodness
[Music]
oh that is delicious
wow thermic i see
oh my goodness the chili and the onion
give it so much aroma and then
i think i taste like a little lemongrass
in there or maybe it's the banana
flavor mixing in with it but there's
definitely like a tropical floral aroma
in that too
and it all goes so well with this
incredible
this is tata rick with honey mandu
frothy
here magazine
thank you and next up we're bringing you
to see the ultimate grilled fish
you're definitely going to want to see
this next up right now we are driving
through the rain forest
downtown kl there's chinese temples up
here
and you can see the skyline of downtown
kl
driving through this park and cemetery
and
right up here we're going for grow fish
let's go check it out okay guys and here
we are we're going for ikan bakar
let's try it out oh and here we go look
at the sotong
we just found the ultimate ikan bakar hi
boss how are you
wow so this is ikon bakar guys
grilled fish and seafood nam fox it up
and we are gonna be getting a stingray
and some sotong
squid and it's in this secret this is
classic ikan bakar
chili sauce here oh and what's this
red tilapia and the fish just goes right
into this sauce
he's just soaking them in that sauce
unreal
and there it is guys look that's a
complete perimeter of red
tilapia oh and what's this oh catfish
so we've got it all here catfish red
tilapia which i think is red snapper
and then we've got the sotong here look
at these and here's the chili sauce
look at this going right on actually the
chili is super strong
you can actually see there's whole lime
pieces in there so it's going to have a
slight citrus
flavor to it as well and look at how
messy and satisfying that looks
the fish just came right on the grill
and you can see that red
ikan bakar chili sauce full of turmeric
and chili and salad and lemongrass
and then just get served out to all the
customers here and here we go look at
this
stingray coming out wow that's the best
piece
and look at the size there nam packs sit
up bao sit up
and going right on we're going to get a
stingray and some squid
and i think they also have some side
dishes we can order in the back hi
boss
[Applause]
okay let's do it wow it's
giant tara makassi boss yes
then we're going to get a stingray too
oh yeah look at that he's going to
scrape the bottom
there my gussy let's go try it out guys
wow look at that that's a full lunch
green chili there's tamarind tomato
spicy
chili paste and you can also get it with
this sweet kichat manis
chili sauce so this one's gonna be sour
and spicy and this one is gonna be
sweet and spicy nice okay guys and
there's also tons of side dishes here
take a look at this banyak makanan
lots of food so this is iniappa
oh that's stingray what's looking really
unique today is this is
okay so i think that's a young jackfruit
kind of like a coconut milk jackfruit
gravy
with lemongrass we're gonna get that
right on the rice let's just cover that
in gravy
banana it's like a banana curry guys
with coconut santan
banana whoa let's just load that up
and then look at this that is a brinjal
eggplant
curry naan packs it
lunch meal so we've got the sotong look
at the springiness there
and he's loaded extra sauce on top of
that for us and sliced it perfectly
and then look at this this is the
stingray classic fish to get with ikan
bakar and it's so famous because it has
less
bones and the aroma from the fish meat
is very nice
i think let's go for the stingray oh
there it is let's take some of that
flesh and then just get a little rice
with it there
and then let's pour a little spicy chili
jar sauce in there it's got tamarind in
there so it's probably going to be a
little sour
and spicy and then we've got the
ikanbakar let's try it
oh my goodness the flavor from the grill
itself is so infused with all those
spices
it's definitely spicy and you can taste
the lemongrass the chili
turmeric all those spices in there and
then when you top it with this it's
extra spicy but there's also some sweet
sourness in there
let's try this no
the real joy is that sauce that ikan
bakar
marinade that it's covered in wow your
mouth just feels like a tropical garden
so many spices let's try this banana
coconut milk i think you can just eat it
let's try
mmm oh
oh my that is so creamy the coconut milk
the turmeric
the banana is not actually sweet it's
like a floral banana
wow and then all of these flavors mix
together and your mouth
just comes alive thank you boss
okay song and set up song
that was amazing wow thank you very much
okay thank you there my cassie
thank you thank you
bye-bye bye-bye oh and the fish just
keeps going
non-stop wow that was so delicious
and we're gonna keep going guys and next
up we're bringing you
to the ultimate malaysian street
barbecue
one of the true culinary gems of
malaysia
marinated in lemongrass and turmeric and
garlic
this is a barbecue worth jumping on a
flight for
and next up guys we're driving through
downtown kl
we're making our way next up for
malaysian satay
skewers famous all over the world but of
course they're the best here
in malaysia covered in a rich sweet
peanut sauce let's go check it out
and here we are guys look how beautiful
it is here so green
and fresh and we're at a local hawker
center and i can see the smoke in the
back
let's go check it out okay let's test
temperature
36 for okay and here we are satay
sri malaka i
just got invited in hi boss
how are you oh this is the satay station
hi boss how are you oh my goodness
banyak satay and just stepping into
this amazing scene of satay you can see
they're just covering it in oil
and it's on fire and it's a factory here
they get moved down the line you can see
there's definitely
over a hundred satay here being made and
this is such a malaysian specialty
oh look at the flame wow it's got the
kuni the turmeric
the lemongrass and a little lime and
then this is going to be dipped into
a kachang sauce look at the flame here
now i'm box it up look at that whoa
boughs it up so it's a whole factory
here and they just get moved down
and then once they've reached the end
they're charcoaled and they're crisped
up and look at this just transferred
over
and there they are look at that those
are finished happiest oh
there they are and they just get emptied
out from this tray here almost
immediately
sold to the customers you can get them
in bundles and i think we're gonna
definitely have to get
a lot of satay tonight oh and then
here's the sauce the
kachang that's the peanut sauce wow it
smells
so rich look at the size of that you can
get it to go bows it up
jeremy let's go try it out
okay we're gonna get 40 chicken and 10
beef look at this
that's gonna be a mountain of chicken oh
my
look at all that satay wow tarama cassie
there it is wow it comes with cucumber
and onion and look at this guys this is
the magic
the saute sauce we're going to get into
a big bowl
of peanut saute sauce and there it is
tara mckessie
wow we just got a giant plate of saute
luckily we've got some friends to eat
them with us today
and look at this oh my goodness just
perfectly
blackened with the charcoal that's ayam
satay chicken satay
and that's the classic trio of
ingredients lemongrass turmeric and
onion for the marinade and then it's
served with this nasi impet which is
like a compressed rice
but the satay wouldn't be complete
without the sauce
full of roast peanuts and palm sugar and
tamarind and dried red chilies
garlic and shallots and galangal and
lemongrass it's truly a beautiful
combination let's go in for that fatty
layer
wow that's one of a kind saute the
peanut sauce is so nice and sweet not
overly sweet
and it's got a fragrance of lemongrass
and
palm sugar has that upgraded
sweet aroma and usually the satay it
goes with lean chicken meat and then
fatty skin and then lean so it's like a
sandwich you get a burst of flavor
and then next up look at this guys you
can take some of that compressed rice
and then load up your skewer after
you've had some saute
dip it into that saute sauce and you
take it down
[Music]
and this is one of the iconic meals of
malaysia you sit down
you can watch the chefs in the back just
cooking on this massive
long grill and you enjoy some of the
best meats
and best satay sauce in the world you've
got to come
to malaysia to eat that here makassi
sang it set up
and next up we're bringing you in to try
another famous malaysian specialty
nasi lemak okay guys then next up we
made our way out to a local little
neighborhood
and we're bringing you to try one of the
many famous
malaysian national dishes right up here
there's a famous
nasi lemak let's go try it out guys
and here we are take the temperature and
sign
in oh 36.3 not bad hello
oh and look what we found here and here
it is
wow sit up and this is it what we came
to this restaurant for
and what you can travel to malaysia for
sambal
full of fresh chilies and shallots and
garlic and lemongrass
it's the soul of nasi lemak next to of
course
the rice cooked with coconut milk the
nasty
wow this is it guys look at this
ultimate nasi lemak look how she just
loads the sambal on there's a
hard-boiled egg and then some econ
that's the soul of malaysia these econ
there's so much flavor
in the fried anchovies they're used in
stocks they're used in
so many different dishes to bring a
natural umami
and we're gonna have a few i think we
can definitely take a few down
take a look at the station of food here
guys there's so much
incredible food here we've got chicken
rendang beef rendang down here
and then look at this massive selection
of sambals and chili sauce
we've got i think this is chicken we've
got a sotong sambal we've got prawn
quail egg there's like homemade potato
chips i think that's fried
maybe fried beef lung and then over here
wow the ayam goreng station the fried
chicken station
sit up wow and in yeah
i am goran oh so it's kunya which is
turmeric with
brampa that's actually made of fried
shallots and garlic and ginger
galangal turmeric lots of spices
coriander powder
cumin powder fennel seeds all the good
stuff and then look at these
i think these are like homemade potato
chips
wow and then let's take a fried egg wow
looks delicious here my cassie boss wow
nam packs it up
and here we are guys look at this we
just got the ultimate
malaysian meal oh it's just delicately
beautiful look at that
nasi lemak coconut rice and it's just a
little rice packet and a banana leaf
so first up let's just take a little
goring i am goring
and maybe a potato chip and
take some of that nasi lemak oh it's
still hot
and there it is guys that's the meaning
of life right there try it out
oh wow the sambal actually quite spicy
not too sweet
and then that i am goring burenpa that
fried almost like garlic and ginger
floss
gives it this really nice incredible
aroma and you can just load it with
sambal sotong
oh my goodness that is a delicious meal
malaysian food is some of the best in
the world
sit up very nice
and they're only one ring at each which
is about 25 cents
we've had four now oh it's delicious wow
that was amazing thank you thank you bus
it up wow tara mckessie
thank you see you wow my mouth is just
burning with pleasure right now
if you guys enjoyed that video please
leave me a comment down below let me
know what you thought
thank you so much for watching and
please click that subscribe and little
bell notification button as well so you
don't miss any of these videos
thanks a lot for watching